---------------------------
| APPLICATION DESCRIPTION |
---------------------------

This application is intended to be used by a member of the Fulfillment Operations
team, and accepts two files as input - the first being a Provider Supply Request,
and the latter being the latest master Provider Ship To list. This program will
attempt to match all supply requests based on the NPI and supply mailing address
to a known Ship To Number associated with the same address for the same NPI in the
master Provider Ship To list. The program will output a tab-delimited .txt file
which is a copy of the input Provider Supply Request file, with two new columns
inserted at the beginning - "Ship To Number" and "Mismatch Reason".

When attempting to match a supply mailing address to a Ship To Number in the master
list, one of a few things may happen:

1) A high-quality match is found
2) A potential match is found
3) No match is found

If a high-quality match is found, the Ship To Number will be set and the Mismatch
Reason will be blank. These do not need manual review.

If a potential match is found, the Ship To Number will be set and the Mismatch
Reason will be "Potential Match - Please Review". These should be manually
reviewed against the master Provider Ship To list to confirm the supply mailing
address is the same as the address in the master list. An example of a potential
match would be if the address in the master list has an apartment or unit number,
but the provider failed to specify this in the Address Line 2 when submitting the
supply request.

If no match is found, the Mismatch Reason will be one of the following:

- "NPI not in Master List": Provider has no Ship To addresses on file.
- "No Potential Matches by City State Zip": This means that for the given NPI, there
  were no matches with the same 5-digit zip code, state, and city. Note, on occasion
  providers may misspell the City in the supply request, so the real address may in
  fact be on file, but usually this means there truly are no matches in the master
  list. These could still be manually reviewed before creating a new Ship To Number
  for the address.
- "No Match by Address": This means that for the given NPI, there is at least one
  address in the master list with the same City, State and zip code, but the
  application's algorithm could not find a potential match. On occasion, this may
  be due to the provider misspelling part of the address, but usually this means
  there truly are no matches in the master list. These could still be manually
  reviewed before creating a new Ship To Number for the address.

--------------------------------------
| APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS - WINDOWS |
--------------------------------------

1) Export the Provider Supply Request file from Excel to a tab-delimited .txt file
   a) Go to 'File' -> 'Export'
   b) Click 'Change File Type' and select 'Text (Tab delimited) (*.txt)'
   c) Click 'Save As', navigate to where this application is located, and save the
      file with a file name without spaces (naming the file simply 'provider.txt'
      will make a later step simpler, but you can give it any name you would like)
2) Export the master Ship To file from Excel to a tab-delimited .txt file
   a) Go to 'File' -> 'Export'
   b) Click 'Change File Type' and select 'Text (Tab delimited) (*.txt)'
   c) Click 'Save As', navigate to where this application is located, and save the
      file with a file name without spaces (naming the file simply 'provider.txt'
      will make a later step simpler, but you can give it any name you would like)
3) Open Powershell and navigate to where this application is located. The easiest
   way to do this is to right-click on the folder where this application is located,
   and click 'Open in Terminal'
4) Run this application from Powershell, and if the files are named differently than
   suggested above, pass the file names as arguments
   a) Start typing "DPS" and click Tab. This should auto-populate and look like the
      following:

      .\DpsOps.ConsoleApplication.exe

   b) If you named the files 'provider.txt' and 'master.txt', simply click 'Enter'.
      If you named the files differently, follow steps b1-b5 below:
      b1) Enter a Space
      b2) Enter the filename for the Supply Request .txt file. Either type the
          entire filename, including the '.txt' extension at the end, or just start
          typing the beginning of the filename and click Tab to see if it auto-
          populates
      b3) Enter a Space
      b4) Enter the filename for the master Ship To .txt file. Either type the
          entire filename, including the '.txt' extension at the end or just start
          typing the beginning of the filename and click Tab to see if it auto-
          populates
      b5) Click 'Enter'
   c) The Powershell window should now show some output logs from the application
      which look like the below, which means the application ran successfully:

      Provider Supply Request file: provider.txt
      Master Ship To file: master.txt
      File delimiter: [tab]
      Output file will be: output_2024-02-22_12-06-28.txt

      12000 total NPIs in master file
      15000 total addresses in master file
      400 total records in supply request file

      Total processing completed in 98ms

5) Import the output file into a new Excel document
   a) Open a new blank Excel file
   b) Click 'Data' at the top, and select 'From Text/CSV' at the top-left
   c) Navigate to the folder where this application is located
   d) Select the output file that was created by the application, and click 'Import'.
      The output file will be in the folder where this application is located, and
      the filename will have the current timestamp in it, so ensure you select the
      latest output file if you have run the application more than once. The
      output file is displayed in the Powershell window, and will look like:

      output_2024-02-22_12-06-28.txt

   e) Verify the Preview pop-up shows the contents correctly. The 'Delimiter'
      drop-down should show 'Tab'
   f) Click 'Load'
6) Review the output file results, reviewing potential matches for errors and to
   determine which supply request addresses have no address in the master Ship To
   list which need a new Ship To created at the vendor
